# **Daily Scrum Log**

---

# `28/11/2024`
- **Present:** Anastasiia, Andre, Anh, Chrystoph, Din, Krisztián 
- **Not Present:** David (called in sick)
- **Scrum-master this meeting:** Anastasiia
- **Minutes taken by:** Din
---
- **Opening time:** 14:00
- **Announcements:** Guidelines added for task reviewing and time sheet registration. If whisper works, no need for typescript.
- **Approval of mergings:** 
---
### Last session's action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:** Worked on Whisper. 
- **Andre:**
- **Anh:** Audio recording and text(Audio recording finished).
- **Chrystoph:** Researching Vosk.
- **David:**
- **Din:** Set up client and server directories, backend and frontend servers, Sprint 1 vision document, Sprint 1 issue drafting,
- **Krisztián:**
### Current action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:** _Limited access to her laptop_, Will join Krisztián's task. Updating guidelines in discord, Assess future tasks
- **Andre:** Testing the blueprints(in progress).
- **Anh:** Linking the database to the frontend(Waiting for Din's task).
- **Chrystoph:** Making the figma designs. Contacting Scorion(they have problems with comminucations), Working on Whisper/Hugging face.
- **David:** 
- **Din:** Set Up SQLite Database for Audio and Text Storage (Use Anh's branch).
- **Krisztián:** working on frontend(not functionality. UI), Trying to make C++ libraries for whisper to work(the library is for unix machines. not windows.)

---

- **Next meeting on & at:** Monday 14:00 December 2nd.
- **Closing time:** 14:16

---

# `02/12/2024`
- **Present:** Anastasiia, Andre, Anh, Krisztián, David 
- **Not Present:** Kryztof(called in sick), Din(Busy with other)
- **Scrum-master this meeting:** Anastasiia
- **Minutes taken by:** Krisztián
---
- **Opening time:** 14:15
- **Announcements:** Whisper works, no typescript
- **Approval of mergings:** 
---
### Last session's action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:** Worked on presentation for client meeting, mostly finished, waiting for updates on other functionality to add to it.
- **Andre:** Testing and recording.
- **Anh:** Been working on the backend and have found a compatibility issue, trying to resolve that.
- **Chrystoph:** 
- **David:** Frontend blueprint
- **Din:** 
- **Krisztian** Component library research and setup
### Current action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:** Will check if prerequisute is there for a new task.
- **Andre:** Continues with same task.
- **Anh:** Will contue to work on the backend and link it to a test frontend.
- **Chrystoph:** 
- **David:** Finishing functional design v2
- **Din:** 
- **Krisztián:** Audio component making
---

- **Next meeting on & at:** Monday 14:00 December 2nd.
- **Closing time:** 14:25

---

# `5/12/2024`
- **Present:** Anastasiia, Andre, Anh, Krisztián, David, Din
- **Not Present:** Kryztof(called in sick), Din(Busy with other)
- **Scrum-master this meeting:** Anastasiia
- **Minutes taken by:** Krisztián
---
- **Opening time:** 14:15
- **Announcements:** Whisper works, no typescript
- **Approval of mergings:**
---
### Last session's action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:** Worked on presentation for client meeting, and documents.
- **Andre:** Frontend blueprint.
- **Anh:** getting din's database and krisztian's component implented, audio functionality
- **Chrystoph:**
- **David:** Finishing functional design v2. Helping with styling component(making the base), working on merging with backend.
- **Din:** Test Whisper, Presentation addition, Functional Design update.
- **Krisztian** Audio component making(main coding, visualization, styling management)
### Current action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:**
- **Andre:**
- **Anh:**
- **Chrystoph:**
- **David:**
- **Din:**
- **Krisztián:**
---

- **Next meeting on & at:** Monday 14:00 December 2nd.
- **Closing time:** 14:25

# `09/12/2024`
- **Present:** David, Andre, Krisztián, Ana, Kryztof
- **Not Present:** Anh(called in sick), Din(Doctor's appointment)
- **Scrum-master this meeting:** Anastasiia
- **Minutes taken by:** David
---
- **Opening time:** 14:20
- **Announcements:** Branch changes, Git management, Tasks and bugs discussions
- **Approval of mergings:**
---
### Last session's action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:** Fixed text input and implementing text saving, working with audio and text previews, compiling task ideas, and compiling issues for sprint 2.
- **Andre:** Playback function, testing designs and mockups.
- **Anh:** Audio upload and Database integration
- **Kryztof:** Finished mockups and designed screens needed for this sprint based on client's brandbook.
- **David:** Merging front and backend with develop branch, helping fix the playback function, refactored up backend code.
- **Din:** Sprint 2 vision document(created and refactored). Technical Design document update. Sprint 2 issues suggestions. Sprint 1 retrospective.
- **Krisztian** Helped with merge requests, reviewed multiple tasks for sprint 2.
### Current action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:** List Component
- **Andre:** Improve audio and text preview (front-end)
- **Anh:** Improve Backend Database (text-feedback, audio-feedback)
- **Kryztof:** Test Whisper limitation
- **David:** Bug fixing (before any other task is started), 
- **Din:** 
- **Krisztián:** Making list display reacting using Svelte Runes
---

- **Next meeting on & at:** Monday 14:00 December 12nd.
- **Closing time:** 15:40

---

# `12/12/2024`
- **Present:** David, Andre, Krisztián, Ana, Kryztof, Din, Alan
- **Not Present:** 
- **Scrum-master this meeting:** Anastasiia
- **Minutes taken by:** Din
---
- **Opening time:** 12:54
- **Announcements:** 
- **Approval of mergings:**
---
### Last session's action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:** already done in task(list component). reviewed and merged.
- **Andre:** task dependent on other tasks, researching components
- **Anh:** further Din's implementation for adding titles of the feedback. will finish it all today.
- **Kryztof:** figma designs. one mock up is ready ro show.
- **David:** worked on fixing bugs before future implementations. we didn't analyze at the end of sprint 1. 
- **Din:** Separation of concerns and database title.
- **Krisztián:** dependent on the progress of 2 other people. git management, code review.
### Current action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:** 
- **Andre:** 
- **Anh:** 
- **Kryztof:** 
- **David:** 
- **Din:**
- **Krisztián:** 
---

- **Next meeting on & at:** Monday 16'th of december.
- **Closing time:** 13:00

---

# `16/12/2024`
- **Present:** David, Andre, Krisztián, Ana, Kryztof, Din, Alan
- **Not Present:**
- **Scrum-master this meeting:** Anastasiia
- **Minutes taken by:** Din
---
- **Opening time:** 14:15
- **Announcements:** Week 5 was rough for everyone but the team has been working as much as they could. Nothing important to discuss today. Frontend changes may apply according to Krystzian.
- **Approval of mergings:**
---
### Last session's action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:** refactpring list components. finished and merged.
- **Andre:** busy with other subject. did documentation for indicvidual reflection.
- **Anh:** did the audio recording title implementation. fixed the database.
- **Kryztof:** figma designs. more mokcups are ready. did whisper research. not satisfied with it current state will research more. hi
- **David:** did a lot of refactpring and clear up errors and problems from previous sprints.
- **Din:** 
- **Krisztián:** implemented reactivitiy using svelt runes reacts, audio recorder component, used more svelt features, added more feature.
### Current action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:** implementing text field for title and it being sent to the database
- **Andre:**  will try to finish tasks as soon as possible(improving the feedback display)
- **Anh:** is trying to fix a bug about the recognition of database.
- **Kryztof:** morw whisper research.
- **David:** 
- **Din:** fix the seperation of concerns.
- **Krisztián:** implement 3 themes
---

- **Next meeting on & at:** Thursday 19th of December
- **Closing time:** 14:30---




# `19/12/2024`
- **Present:** Anastasiia, Krisztián, Kryztof, Anh, Din
- **Not Present:** David, Andre
- **Scrum-master this meeting:** Anastasiia
- **Minutes taken by:** Din
---
- **Opening time:** 13:15
- **Announcements:** 
- **Approval of mergings:**
---
### last session's action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:** implement database titles properly.
- **Andre:** 
- **Anh:** converting audio sampling, database problem fix.
- **Kryztof:** did whisper research
- **David:**
- **Din:** fix the separation of concerns.
- **Krisztián:** code review for feature branches, handling merging(tweaking anf fixing)
---
### Current action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:** information about availability during the holidays will be notified
- **Andre:** has part-time job but is open for new tasks
- **Anh:** 
- **Kryztof:** open to obtain another task
- **David:**
- **Din:** open to work on holidays
- **Krisztián:** implement themes
---

- **Next meeting on & at:** after the holidays.
- **Closing time:** 14:30---

# `6/1/2025`
- **Present:** Anastasiia, Krisztián, Kryztof, Anh, Din, David, Andre
- **Not Present:** 
- **Scrum-master this meeting:** Anastasiia
- **Minutes taken by:** Din
---
- **Opening time:** 14:12
- **Announcements:**
- **Approval of mergings:** 
---
### last session's action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:** connected whisper to the actual project and the frontend, Planning for Sprint 3 and issues and agenda items, 
- **Andre:** Did the learning plan and personal reflection, improve the display of feedbacks, 
- **Anh:** busy with retake. bug fixing with svelet components(runes), sample rate fix and conversion, 
- **Kryztof:** was on vacation. Ana took over his tasks.
- **David:** took the holidays off. worked on bug fixing. finished testing for different video frameworks. compiled a document for it. did some implementation tets
- **Din:** audio recorder indicators, stopwatch indicators, text feedback edge cases and visual effects, typewriter effect(scrapped)
- **Krisztián:** implementations of themes are complete, restructred all the css component for compatibiltlity
---
### Current action points
- _`General:`_
- **Anastasiia:** go through the draft of issues.
- **Andre:** open for new tasks
- **Anh:** finishing backend for video.
- **Kryztof:** open to obtain another task
- **David:** implmenting the video framework.
- **Din:** 
- **Krisztián:** implement themes
---

- **Next meeting on & at:** 9/1/2024
- **Closing time:** 14:45---